the ng boys and girls i really hope
that you are well today we will
find for information
complementary to the dlc that could
to arrive because simply March 4
you will have more content on
call of duty ghost
so it will be a really stiff pack 4s
sinister because there will be
two character customizations
bad guys and that his sheets etc and me
personally I find that he is
really very very well done because
it is true that we always think of having
iconic characters from the game
ie whole characters etc
etc but here it gives a little bit of
renewal to hand characters
bad guys that's true it gives you a
original side to the thing and that's fine
its benefits from treyarch
so what would I really like
also would your opinions be on this
pack which we will start all of
following first we will have a
playable character in multi which is
other than zac aref zakhaev sorry the
soft famous bad traffickers and
Russian terrorists
appeared for the first time nan rated 4
I do not know at all if you reminded of
zakayev but in any case we can
embody it you will always have a
little photo in background on the gameplay
Moreover it is a case m for those who
would then ask themselves second
we can embody on the multi
roarke ex-leader of the group
ghost who was king sorry pardon at
the enemy
so I do not know if you remember
in the countryside
we had rock that was an ex leader
as I say from the bost group and he has
had one he underwent brainwashing and
that's what made him supporters
of a certain group that drives him wants
fight his ex allies here is in
third we will embody in multi
in asmat skin that's how they
are called it's just a
character who is in a combination
anti nuclear me personally I the
really really cool, especially
on the image
it gives a really beautiful effect
I would like to see what
it gives in multiplayer it must be
really great great frankly I do not
do not you know me what you think
but having a guy on bail like that
it's really cool and last
we will have a pack makarov legends
easter that's how they're called
remember we embodied in the
mission or give away or the
civilians in the air at the gates of mw2
and that's where we could embody him
makarov and I do not know if you
remember this mission that -
personally I thought she
was really hard to cash
he arrives at airports shot at
the hand all that and we can touch all
the civilians who passes me personally
mw2 this is the only game that for the
campaign deserve are peggy 18 months me
that's what I find after others
blah blah blah
and in this name this pack you'll have a
special makarov gift that is really
very very beautiful me me I i you
advise to buy a special crest
a reticle player card and a
background
So that's all you'll have
in the easter legends this is a
little bit everything we could have
March 4
I really want to know you there
on me personally I find that
it impacts very very very promising and
me what I recommend you to buy
it would be the MCS took down john easter
which is really very very advantageous
because you can embody makarov
and also bought the hazmat skin that
for me is very very cool
here I really hope this video
off romatic will have pleased you thanks to you
to judge if no hope aude do not hesitate
not to go see my channel if envied
take it from you
and do not hesitate to go see the hate
and his clans who did the gameplay
thank you all for watching this video
see you next time
Hi